What's the matter?
Don't worry, Mom won't do anything to him.
Mom is waiting for him at home
My mom wants to see you
I heard it.
If you don't want to go, then don't go.
Your mother seems to have misunderstood me.
I just took this opportunity to explain to her
She is your mother after all
My future mother-in-law
OK, then you go first
I have another meeting
I'll find you then.
The money in it
Enough for your life
He's all yours.
Auntie, I'm with Zhenting
Don't ask for money
Before, I thought you were greedy for the town court's money
Now I know.
Do you really like Zhenting?
But except for money
I don't have a better way to compensate.
Guess
You're fine, but I have better options
I was a victim of the past
I know that as a woman
I feel sorry for you too.
But we take care of the family
It is not allowed to marry a woman who has ruined her innocence
Zhenting is not an ordinary person
He was a man of power.
His every word, every line
All represent the Storytelling Group
I don't want to be with you because of him
The story group is criticized
Auntie is here this time
I just want to explain it to you.
I won't break up with him because of what happened back then
It's someone else's fault
Not me. I have nothing to blame
I am also entitled to a perfect love
So you shouldn't hold on to this matter either.
Stop us